README.md, before:

# Employee Tracker CLI Application

A CLI application for querying an employee database

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-purple)


## Description

The Employee Tracker CLI is a command-line interface application designed to efficiently manage employee information within a relational database system. This application streamlines tasks related to employee tracking, allowing users to easily add, update, and query employee data using mySQL commands directly from theie terminal. 


## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributions](#contributions)
  - [Contact](#contact)


## Installation 

To install this application, from your browser navigate to -

- https://github.com/eddiespag-hetti/EmployeeDB_CLI 

Clone done the code and open with your chosen code editer. Open up a intergrated terminal window fro the root 'Develop' folder. Once there you need to run 'npm install'. This will install the application allowing you to run 'npm start' to begin querying the database.

Follow the prompts in the main menu to carry out your desired tasks.

# Usage 

# Features

 Key features include:

- Create, read, update, and delete employee records
- Execute SQL queries to retrieve specific employee data
- Generate reports and summaries for analysis and decision-making
- Intuitive command-line interface for seamless navigation and interaction
- Built-in error handling and data validation for reliability and data integrity


# License

The license associated with this repository is the Open Source MIT License, link below:

https://opensource.org/license/mit 

# Contributions

# Contact

Commit message:

Added all possible user selections to the .then()
Fixed a few typos in the REASDME.md file

README.md, after:

# Employee Tracker CLI Application

A CLI application for querying an employee database

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-purple)


## Description

The Employee Tracker CLI is a command-line interface application designed to efficiently manage employee information within a relational database system. This application streamlines tasks related to employee tracking, allowing users to easily add, update, and query employee data using mySQL commands directly from theie terminal. 


## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributions](#contributions)
  - [Contact](#contact)


## Installation 

To install this application, from your browser navigate to -

- https://github.com/eddiespag-hetti/EmployeeDB_CLI 

Clone down the code from the GitHub repository then open with your chosen code editer. Open an intergrated terminal window from the root 'Develop' folder. Once there you need to run 'npm install'. This will install the application allowing you to run 'npm start' to begin querying the database.

Follow the prompts in the main menu to carry out your desired tasks.

# Usage 

# Features

 Key features include:

- Create, read, update, and delete employee records
- Execute SQL queries to retrieve specific employee data
- Generate reports and summaries for analysis and decision-making
- Intuitive command-line interface for seamless navigation and interaction
- Built-in error handling and data validation for reliability and data integrity


# License

The license associated with this repository is the Open Source MIT License, link below:

https://opensource.org/license/mit 

# Contributions

# Contact
